### Week 3 Tasks
- Created a project in ChatGPT and uploaded relevant files to provide context.
- Provided instructions with reference to the weekly tasks and asked GPT to generate starter code based on it
- Refined generated code by providing additional prompts to specify the requirements of the tasks.
- Used Copilot to autocomplete some manual coding sections.
- The tasks for Week 3 are relatively simple, so GPT was able to generate the code with minimal guidance. 
- The generated code was quite accurate and usually required only minor modifications. 

### Week 4 Tasks
- As more functions were added to the ChatBot, the amount of work required per task generally increased as code will need to be changed across multiple classes.
- Instead of directly asking GPT or Copilot to complete the whole task at once, I first broke down the task into smaller parts and asked for code for each part separately.
- This allowed me to better understand the code generated by GPT and make necessary modifications before moving on to the next part.
- This also allowed me to test new additions individually and ensure that they work as intended before integrating them into the main codebase, which in a sense is similar to using branches in Git.
- After completing A-Packages, I realised that the function to write tasks to storage was broken. GPT was able to save a lot of time here as it quickly identified the issue and provided a solution.
- Manual tracing of the code to find the problem would otherwise have been very time-consuming.

### Week 5 Tasks
- JavaFX was introduced in Week 5, which was a new concept for me. So the tasks this week were implemented manually, with input from GPT and Copilot for bug fixes and error debugging.
- Additionally, I also asked GPT for ideas and ways to make the ChatBot more aesthetically pleasing and user-friendly.

### Week 6 Tasks
- Tasks were relatively simple this week, with most of the work involving pull requests and merging them into the main branch.
- However, a couple of bugs were missed when transitioning from a text-based interface to the JavaFX GUI.
- GPT was able to quickly explain the issue, identify the problematic code, and suggest a fix.

### Week 7 Tasks
- Most of the tasks for this week have already been completed in previous weeks (More error handling, More unit testing, Ai-Assisted)
- The only things left to complete for this week are to give the chatbot some personality, and to create the Ui.png and user guide for it, both of which did not require AI assistance.
